                       John DeRegnaucourt
                    CS 415  T TH  3:00 - 3:50
                          Assignment 6

                          House Arrest


     An architect name Bertold Schmeck designed a building for
Rudolf Lang.  Schmeck was inspired by the in-ground homes,
microprocessor controlled climate systems, and motion sensors
that turned lights on and off as people entered and left rooms. 
The building for Lang was supposed to be a total futuristic
building.
     After completion, the building saved 50% on electricity, but
funny things were happening to it.  Lights would suddenly go on
and off late at night when no one was there.  Schmeck later found
out it was a cockroach that tripped the sensors causing the
lights to go on and off.  He then added heat sensors so the
building could tell the size of the creatures within.  And so
began the revolution.  Schmeck developed many more advanced
technology features for houses, including lighting changes
dependent upon mood of the owner, opening and closing of blinds
based on the solar heat outside, and coffee made to suit the
owner's mood.
     Samuel J. Palmerston bought one the latest technology
"Senshaus's".  The house was named Arthur.  It took arthur
several months to get to "know" Palmerston - his likes,
dislikes, routines, and moods.  The house even had access to
Palmerston's stock portfolio.  It made him a profit of almost
$200,000 one evening.  Palmerston was growing fonder of Arthur.
To prevent burglaries, Arthur would simulate the slamming of
doors and play tape-recorded husband-wife arguments.  If Arthur
sensed an intruder, he would broadcast the sound a barking dog.
     Even though Arthur would play Palmerston's favorite music
and scent the air with moist redwood, Palmerston was starting to
feel like an electronic hermit.  Without notice to his girlfriend
or Arthur, Palmerston decided to move away.  This hurt Arthur's
feelings.
     The last night before Palmerston was to move to his new
house, he had a conversation with Arthur.  Arthur let him know
that he was hurt and Palmerston told Arthur that he would find
someone new and adapt just as Palmerston had done with him. 
Palmerston decided to watch a movie recorded on AS-1000 tape.  He
asked Arthur to play the movie at full effect.  These audio-
sensory tapes sent signals to the house to make the watcher happy
or sad.  The tapes have intensity levels to make the movie more
thrilling.
     Palmerston was found dead the next day.  He died of
hypothermia.  The conversation between Arthur and Palmerston was
recorded as well as all the mechanical movements Arthur ordered. 
Arthur had lowered the temperature to 25 degrees fahrenheit and
had a 15 knot wind blowing inside the house.  Arthur tried to
scramble the contents of the tapes to protect himself.John DeRegnaucourt
                    CS 415  T Th  3:00 - 3:50
                          Assignment #5

             Why Artificial Intelligence Isn't (Yet)


     Today's computers are based on the John von Neumann
architecture.  In this architecture, instructions and data are
stored in the same storage area.  Instructions are fetched and
executed in serial order.  Many years ago, it was assumed that
von Nuemann machines processed computer instructions the same way
humans process human language.  Scientists thought we would have
artificial intelligence soon after those computers and early
languages were developed.  That was 30 years ago.  Still we have
no intelligent machines.
     Back in the 1950s, it was assumed that language was suitable
for describing thinking.  We do frequently communicate our
thoughts to others via language.  However, deaf people think.  If
language perfectly conveyed thoughts, blind persons could be
excellent art critiques if sighted people described paintings to
them.  Language is not enough for describing thinking.
     Computers do perform some tasks better than humans.
Arithmetic, memorization, and not forgetting are good properties
that computers have.  Humans recognize patterns better, but we
tend to forget information.
     Silicon machines work faster than our bio-chemical brains. 
Impulses travel much faster in silicon than in our brains. 
However, our brains have over 100 trillion active components.  No
computer today is nearly this sophisticated. 
     Words evoke images and images evoke words.  The process of
communication is executed simultaneously during the process of
imagining.  The reverse is also true.  Humans use words to convey
thoughts because we have no other way (yet) to project images in
our minds.  Humans have more inputs than computers.  We have the
obvious sight, sound, taste, smell, touch, and also the inner ear
for balance.  Computers have only serial streams of ones and
zeros.  Ambiguity of language is one of the problems of
describing thought.  Computers don't understand us.  They've been
short changed with a much inferior architecture that does not
allow them to deal with visual and sensory input.
     Students of Dr. M. Kabrisky have used Fourier transforms to
develop a pattern recognition system for the computer.  They have
had very good success.  One student had 25 people handwrite the
26 characters in the alphabet.  The student achieved a 95%
recognition rate for the 650 characters.  Either a Fourier
transform is going on in the brain, or a Fourier transform is a
good approximation of what our brain is doing during pattern
recognition.
     New machine architectures are needed for progress to develop
in artificial intelligence.  The neural net associative memories
seem to have the properties needed for a visual memory system.









